<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd"[]>
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="A72A4368-6513C4A-1F217B115193524-7DEF0C">
  <title>Blocks, Attribute and Xrefs</title>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Create, Insert
 and Edit Blocks</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>Usually, blocks
 are several objects combined into one that you can insert into a drawing and
 manipulate as a single
 object. A block
 can consist of visible
 objects such as lines, arcs,
 and circles, as well as visible or invisible data called attributes. Blocks are stored
 as part of the drawing file.</p>
      <p>Blocks can help
 you better organize your work, quickly create and revise drawings, and reduce
 drawing file size. After you create
 a block from multiple objects, you save it once, which also saves disk space. You can change the block definition to
 quickly revise a drawing, and then update all instances of the block.</p>
      <p>If you insert a
 block that contains objects originally drawn on layer 0 and assigned color and
 linetype BYLAYER, it is placed on the current layer
 and assumes the color and linetype of that layer.
 If you insert a block that contains objects originally
 drawn on other layers or with explicitly specified
 colors or linetypes, the block retains
 the original settings.</p>
      <p>If you insert a
 block that contains objects originally assigned color and linetype BYBLOCK, and
 the block itself has the color and linetype BYLAYER, those objects adopt the color and linetype
 of the layer onto which they are inserted. If the block is assigned
 an explicit color or linetype,
 such as red or dashed,
 those objects adopt
 those qualities.</p>
      <p>A procedure
 called nesting occurs when you include other blocks in a new block that you are
 creating. Nesting is useful when you
 want to combine and include small components, such as nuts and bolts, into a larger assembly and you need to insert multiple
 instances of that assembly into an even larger drawing.</p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
</task>