<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A72A33E4-CA11548-7D505A7955A696A-2C2790">
  <title>Objects selection methods</title>
  <shortdesc>When you choose a command that
 requires you to select objects
 (when you're deleting
 or changing object
 properties, for example), you can use any of the following selection
 methods by choosing them at the command line prompt or entering themin
 the command bar:</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <b>Window </b>Selects objects contained entirely
 within a rectangular selection window.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Last </b>Selects the last selected object.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Crossing </b>Selects all objects
 contained within or crossing the boundary of a rectangular selection window.</li>
      <li>
        <b>BOX </b>Selects all objects inside or crossing
 a rectangle defined
 by two points.</li>
      <li>
        <b>ALL </b>Selects all objects in the current
 drawing.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Fence </b>Selects all objects crossing
 a selection box.</li>
      <li>
        <b>WPolygon </b>Selects all objects inside
 a defined polygon.</li>
      <li>
        <b>CPolygon </b>Selects all objects within or crossing
 a polygon defined by specifying points.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Group </b>Selects all objects in the specified
 group.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Add </b>Adds one or more objects
 to the selection set.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Remove </b>Removes one or more objects fromthe selection set.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Multiple </b>Selects multiple objects and highlights them.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Previous </b>Selects the previous selection
 set.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Auto </b>Switches to the "Auto" mode. Pointing to an object means selecting
 the object.</li>
      <li>
        <b>SIngle </b>You can only select an object for each time.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>