<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A712A456-643C121-A891655A79E52A0-F3F5D6">
  <title>Controllable Properties of PostScript</title>
  <shortdesc>When exporting
 drawing as EPS files in PostScript
 format, some objects will be rendered. Affects the following properties:</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <ul>
      <li>Text, attribute definitions
 and attributes. If replace the font supportive of PostScript with the font with specified
 conversion text object,
 thetext will be plotted
 in specified PostScript font. Or else,
 render the text with frame character.</li>
      <li>Bold font and text control code.
 If the text with thickness over 0 or contains control
 code (such as %%O or %%D). But the rendered text will not be
 plotted as PostScript font. International symbol and special symbol exported as PostScript font.</li>
      <li>ISO 8859 Latin/1 character set, if use character value
 among 127 to 255
 for text, explain
 this text according
 to ISO 8859 Latin/1. If this character appears in the text reflected
 Post Script, re-mapping a version of generating
 code vector to display ISO character set. The text generated fromre-mapping
 will be exported in PostScript
 compatible format.</li>
      <li>Circle, arc, ellipse, elliptic
 arc. Arcs and circles will be converted into corresponding PostScript path object if they have thickness.</li>
      <li>Fill solids. Plot the Fill solids in PostScript path.</li>
      <li>2D polyline. Exports the 2D
 (planar) polyline with unifying width, PostScript restricts systemsettings as proximate lines combination with end seal and miter.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>