<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7122A45-3615A15-7BAAE559716D8ED-73620D">
  <title>Set the Scale for Dimensions</title>
  <shortdesc>Set the scale for dimensions. Setting dimension
 scale depends on the method you use to lay out and plot drawings.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Dimension scale
 has effects on the size of dimension geometry relative to the objects in the
 drawing. In addition to text height
 and arrowhead size, dimension scale affects offsets in dimension as well, such
 as the extension line origin
 offset. When you create dimensions, it's recommended to set the size and of set to values that represent
 their actual plotted size. However,
 the tolerances, measured
 lengths, coordinates, and angles
 cannot be applied
 to the overall
 scale factor.</p>
    <p>The method you lay out your
 drawing determines how to set the dimension scale. The method of creating
 dimensions in a drawing layout
 is shown as follows:</p>
    <p>Dimension in
 model space for plotting in model space. If you want to create dimensions that
 are scaled correctly for plotting,
 you have to set the systemvariable DIMSCALEto the inverse of the desired plot scale.
 For example, if the plot scale is 1/4, you have to set DIMSCALEto 4.</p>
    <p>Dimension in
 model space for plotting in paper space. If you want to create dimensions that
 are scaled automatically for display
 in a paper space layout, you have to set the DIMSCALEto 0. This method is useful when you encounter the following
 situations: the dimensions in a drawing need to be referenced by other drawings (xrefs); when you create
 isometric dimensions in 3D isometric views. To prevent the dimensions in one layout viewport
 frombeing displayed in other layout viewports, it's recommended to create
 a dimensioning layer for each layout viewport
 that is frozen in all other layout
 viewports.</p>
    <p>Dimension in
 layouts. You can create dimensions in paper space by selecting model space
 objects or by specifying object snap locations on model space objects. The dimensions created
 in a paper space layout
 do not need additional scaling: there is no need to change the default value of
 DIMLFAC and DIMSCALE.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>