<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A23568-3651434-A115A8F27A71535-A742A1">
  <title>Work with Colors</title>
  <shortdesc>An entity's
 color determines how it is displayed and, if you are using
 a color printer, how it prints. Entities
 are created in the current
 color specified for the drawing.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Layers can also
 control the color of entities. When you open a new drawing, entities are
 created in the color BYLAYER,
 which adopts the color
 of the current layer. Initially, layer 0 is both the
 only layer and the current
 layer. Its default color
 is white, so your entities appear
 as white.</p>
    <p>For entities
 and layers in ZWCAD,
 there are three different types of
 colors:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <xref href="../tasks/ZWCAD_UG_manual_2020_use_index_colors.dita">Index colors</xref>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="../tasks/ZWCAD_UG_manual_2020_use_true_colors.dita">True colors</xref>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="../tasks/ZWCAD_UG_manual_2020_use_color_books.dita">Color books colors</xref>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>You can choose
 colors by selecting them from the Select Color dialog box. In the command bar
 or in some dialog boxes, you
 specify a color
 either by name or by number.</p>
    <p>All objects are
 created with the current color, which is displayed in the Color Control on the
 Properties toolbar. With the
 Color Control or the Select
 Color dialog box, you can
 also set the current
 color.</p>
    <p>Objects are
 created with the color assigned to the current layer. If the current color is
 set to BYLAYER. If the current
 color is not expected to be the color assigned to the current layer, you can
 specify another color instead.</p>
    <p>If the current
 color is set to BYBLOCK, objects are created using color 7 (white or black)
 until these objects are grouped into
 a block. Once the block is inserted into a drawing, it uses current color
 settings instead.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>