<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A2A456-365453C-454A879155A1E53-590C98">
  <title>About LISP</title>
  <shortdesc>LISP is a
 full-featured, interpretive programming language (full name List Processor, which is list processing language). It is a sort of independent programming
 language embedded for ZWCAD customization. LISP greatly extends most of the available commands
 and functions of ZWCAD. LISP is similar
 to AutoLISP so that you can use the majority
 of applications written
 with AutoLISP in ZWCAD.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>A LISP command stands for a function. Lisp function can performthe following
 actions:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Load other LISP, DCL, ZDS application
 or ZWCAD files</li>
      <li>Prompt user to do relevant
 operations in the certain situation</li>
      <li>Execute standard command
 in ZWCAD</li>
      <li>Handle character string with arbitrary
 length</li>
      <li>Do mathematic calculation</li>
      <li>Store variable value used lately</li>
      <li>Read/write file</li>
      <li>Test and respond
 to the given condition.</li>
      <li>The select entity in drawing
 session.</li>
      <li>Modify the selected
 entity in drawing session.</li>
      <li>Export relevant information into the screen or a file.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>You can produce customize resolution with application comprised of
 compound variant LISP functions. You can automate your job by extending CAD tools in ZWCAD or apply other
 applications into ZWCAD.
 LISP can be used to produce any application you need in the special
 industries to intensify
 the CAD platform.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>