<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A22585-E145CA1-1F215487175A579-1E596B">
  <title>Undo or Redo Actions Using Undo or Redo button</title>
  <shortdesc>The Undo or Redo
 button on the Standard toolbar are displayed in gray if there aren't any
 operations to undo or redo,
 at this moment
 this function is unavailable.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>The Undo button
 is available as soon as you have operated a certain command, click left part of
 this button to undo the last
 manipulation performed previously. There is a pull-down list beside the undo button, click here to pop-up a list in
 which all of the possible operations are displayed, containing up to 6 commands within one list page, if more
 than 6 operations have been manipulated, you can drag the scroll
 bar on the right side of the list page to browse
 the commands.</p>
    <p>The Redo button is available
 once you have manipulated undo. Like performing Undo operation, click</p>
    <p>the Redo button
 to performthe last Undo operation, while clicking the pull-down arrow to pop-up
 a list in which all of the manipulations available to perform
 Redo are displayed.</p>
    <p>Move the mouse to
 select manipulations fromthe pull-down list of Undo and Redo button, highlight
 the items on which the mouse stays
 to illustrate how many items are selected among
 the manipulations from the
 top of the list page, and display a message at the bottom of the list to
 explain the number of items being
 selected. And then click the mouse or press ENTER directly to perform Undo or
 Redo command. Move the mouse to the top or button of the pull-down list boxto enable it scrolling
 by itself, additionally, you can press
 the direction key to select
 commands upwards or downwards.</p>
    <p>Once you select
 BEgin option when performing UNDO command, the manipulations displayed in the pull-down
 list beside the Undo
 button will be unavailable, at this time you
 can only undo the subsequent manipulations unless you performthe UNDO command again and select
 the End option.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>