<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7135636-5143C41-1A8A151A79E3A70-6FABDE">
  <title>Overview of Object Properties</title>
  <shortdesc>You can display information about the selected
 entities. The information varies, depending on the type of entities
 you select. All of the listings display
 the following information:</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <ul>
      <li>Entity type.</li>
      <li>Layer.</li>
      <li>Color.</li>
      <li>Linetype.<p>The location of the entity (its XYZ-coordinates relative to the current user coordinate system[UCS]).</p><p>The size of the entity (the information varies, depending on the entity type).</p><p>The layer, color,
 linetype are the common properties that most of the objects possess. There are
 a few properties that some individual
 objects possess, such as radius and area of a circle, length, and angle of a line.</p><p>Most of the properties can be applied to an object by layer or applied to an object directly.</p><p>If value BYLAYER is set to the
 property value, the object has the same value as the layer
 on which it is drawn.
 For example, if you set Yellow to the layer 0 and assign value BYLAYER to the
 lines that were drawn on the layer 0, its color is yellow
 too.</p><p>You can also
 specify a new value to overwrite the layer's value. For example, yellow is
 assigned to the layer 0 and the value of lines
 is set to blue, the color
 of lines is blue.</p><p>You can use the following
 methods to display
 or modify the object properties:</p></li>
      <li>View or change properties in the Properties palette.</li>
      <li>View or modify layer controls on the Layer Properties Manager
 dialog box, might change Color, Linetype, Lineweight at the Properties toolbar as well.</li>
      <li>Use command LIST to view the information in the text window.</li>
      <li>Use command ID to display the coordinate of the specified
 point</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>