<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A12A45-65E5C41-1214881655A9535-6BBED0">
  <title>Overview of Hatch Patterns and Fills</title>
  <shortdesc>Fills an enclosed area or selected
 objects with a hatch pattern or gradient
 fill.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Filling the specified area with different material so as to distinguish project parts. These
 patterns are both predefined and user-defined.</p>
    <p>Solid-filled areas can be created using the following three methods.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Hatches with solid patterns (BHATCH)</li>
      <li>2D solids (SOLID)</li>
      <li>Wide polylines, traces or donuts
 (PLINE, TRACE or DONUT)</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Gradient hatch
 refers to a kind of hatch pattern among different gradations within one or two
 colors. Which can be used to increase
 the drawing demonstration effects or use as a background.</p>
    <p>To create
 a hatch, you should specify
 hatch area first which is so-called hatch boundary, various
 methods of creating hatch
 boundaries are provided as well as creating associative hatch for controlling
 the hatch pattern updated
 along with the boundary changes.
 If the specified boundary is not a closed area, you can set
 maximum gap which is controlled by systemvariable HPGAPTOL when using the
 object as pattern boundary, any gap
 within this value range will be taken
 as a closed boundary. But this gap is only available for lines and arcs, they'll be
 joined if extended. When creating hatch patterns, you can specify the draw order of the patterns to decide
 to hatch before or after the boundaries or set it in front or at the backof all objects.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>