<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A122A5-5E143CA-11F14A815251E53-5A7FD2">
  <title>Control the User Coordinate System (UCS) in 2D</title>
  <shortdesc>In ZWCAD, there are two coordinate systems: world coordinate
 system (WCS) and user coordinate system(UCS). WCS is a fixed coordinate system, where the X axis is horizontal
 and the Yaxis is vertical.
 The origin (0, 0) is the intersection
 of the X and Yaxes in the lower-left corner of the drawing. You can</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>define a UCS
 based on a WCS. UCS can be moved, which helps you modify particular sections of
 your drawing easily. At the same time,
 you can rotate UCS to specify points
 in 3D or rotated views. When you rotate UCS, Snap, Grid, and Ortho modes all rotate in line with the new UCS.</p>
    <p>Actually, you enter a coordinate value in the current UCS. There are several methods
 for relocating UCS, shown as follows:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Move the UCS by defining
 a new origin.</li>
      <li>Align the
 UCS with an existing object or with the current
 viewing direction.</li>
      <li>Rotate the current UCS around any of its axes.</li>
      <li>Restore a
 saved UCS.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>You can name a defined UCS and then restore it when needed. The UCS Previous option
 can reverse up to
 last 10 coordinate systems in the current session. You can delete a named UCS
 whenever you do not need it. A UCS can also be restored
 to coincide with the WCS.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>