<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A72366E3-4A1F215-4A12505E535957F-E637ED">
  <title>Control the Color and Linetype Properties in Blocks</title>
  <shortdesc>Through controlling properties like color and linetype for objects on the block,
 the objects in an inserted
 block can retain their original
 properties, can inherit properties fromthe
 layer on which they are inserted, or can inherit the properties set as current in the drawing. When you insert a block, the color,
 linetype,</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>and lineweight of
 objects in the block retain their original settings regardless of the current
 settings in the drawing.</p>
    <p>The following
 three choices are provided for you to determine how the color, linetype, and
 lineweight properties of objects are treated when a block
 reference is inserted.</p>
    <p>Objects in the block
 inherit their original
 color, linetype, and lineweight properties once inserted into the drawing. The properties of objects in the
 block can't be changed until redefined. For this choice, it is recommended that you set the color,
 linetype, and lineweight properties individually for each object in the block definition: which are different from BYBLOCK or BYLAYER color,
 linetype, and lineweight settings when creating these
 objects.</p>
    <p>Objects in the
 block inherit color, linetype, and lineweight properties that assigned to the
 current layer only. For this choice,
 before you create
 objects to be included in the block definition, set the
 current layer to 0, and set the current color,
 linetype, and lineweight to BYLAYER.</p>
    <p>Objects inherit color, linetype, and
 lineweight properties that have been definitely set, that is, the properties you have set to override
 the color, linetype, or lineweight assigned
 to the current layer. If you do not definitely
 specify layer properties for the objects,
 then use properties of the current
 layer. For this choice,
 before you create objects to be included in the block definition, set the
 current color or linetype to BYBLOCK.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>