<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A12A45-3545C4A-12548791505A1E5-356547">
  <title>Understanding plot style tables</title>
  <shortdesc>A plot style
 table is a collection of plot styles that allows you to change the appearance
 of your printed drawing without
 modifying the actual
 objects in your drawing. Each plot style
 table is saved in a file that can be located
 on your computer, disk, or server.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>A drawing
 can use one type of plot style table at a time. There are two types of plot style tables:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Color-dependent plot style
 tables (CTB) contain a collection of plot styles based on each of the 255 index colors
 available in a drawing. True colors and color books
 are not applicable to color-
 dependent plot style tables.</li>
      <li>Named plot style tables
 (STB) contain a collection of plot styles that you define. They can vary regardless of color.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>With color independent plot style
 tables, you cannot assign plot styles to individual objects
 or layers. To use these plot styles,
 you assign a specific color to an entity or layer. When you specify
 a color-dependent plot style table at printing time, the
 entity colors and layer colors map to color based plot styles in the plot style table that you specify. If you
 specify a plot style for a specific entity, that plot style overrides any plot style assigned to the layer
 on which the entity resides.</p>
    <p>Sometimes a named
 plot style assigned to an entity or layer is not located in the plot style
 table that is assigned to a layout or
 drawing. This can happen if the plot style has been deleted fromthe named plot style table or if you assign a different
 named plot style table to the drawing that does not contain the named plot style.
 In this case, the entity is printed using its default properties. If you plan on interchanging named plot style
 tables within the same drawing, it's a good idea to coordinate the tables to
 use the same plot style
 names.</p>
    <p>If a new drawing
 is based on a template, the new drawing uses the same type of plot style table
 as the template. If a new drawing is
 created without a template, the type of plot style table is specified in the New Drawing Wizard; Every drawing is
 designed to use plot style tables, but you decide whether to implement them.</p>
    <p>Setup plot styles to determine how a drawing
 is plotted.</p>
    <p>Like color
 and linetype, plot style
 is also a kind of object
 property that reflected on the plotted
 objects or layer once you plot the object with the plot style assigned. A plot style
 controls an object's plotted properties, including
 color, dither, grayscale, pen, virtual pen, screening, linetype,
 adaptive, lineweight,</p>
    <p>line end, line join and fills style.</p>
    <p>If the plot styles conflict with the settings
 created for objects,
 use the plot style settings for plotting other than the settings created
 for objects. You can close
 these substitute settings
 on demand.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>