<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A722A456-8351453-C4F2147130AE3FA-B64591">
  <title>Edit Font Mapping File</title>
  <shortdesc>Font mapping file
 is the list file for fonts and their
 corresponding replace fonts. If the specified fonts can't be found in the
 current system, you can obtain from a font mapping file to replace them with specified fonts.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Sometimes, to
 ensure partial specific fonts or enable fonts conversion in the current
 drawing, you can create font mapping
 file with any text editor.</p>
    <p>With these font
 mapping files, you can stipulate and manage fonts uniformly or use themdirectly
 when off-line printing. If
 encountering font objects created by other fonts, you can s pecify replace
 fonts to apply in platformthrough
 font mapping. It's also available for users to set a font mapping file to
 convert each font to the correspondingfont, for example, when editing drawings,
 the SHX which is easy drawing can be used for replacing other fonts in
 the drawing, and subsequently switched to more complex fonts when printing.</p>
    <p>Font mapping
 file is a type of common ASCII text file with an ext ension
 name as .fmp, containing text</p>
    <p>file name without
 extensions or path in each line, the font file name with extension .ttf behind
 the font file is replaced font, the
 two file names are separated by a semicolon. The systemuses zwcad.fmp (used for ZWCAD only) as default font mapping
 file. Any ASCII text editor is available for changing the text for replacing specified fonts fromthe
 font mapping file.</p>
    <p>For example, you
 can input the following contents in font mapping file, to replace timesnr.pfb
 font file with times.ttf
 font file: timesnr;times.ttf.</p>
    <p>If you can't find specified font file when
 opening a drawing, the system determines how to find the replace
 font specific to the font type (single
 text, Mtext).</p>
    <p>If the text is a single text,
 the systemprocesses it with the following procedures:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Search for replace
 font file in ZWCAD .fmp file.</li>
      <li>Iterate font style table, search for the font
 file in the same format.</li>
      <li>Use default font ZWCAD.fnt.</li>
      <li>Pop-up font file dialog box, in which
 user can specify replace font file, otherwise uses ZWCAD.fnt as the default
 font.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>If big fonts are being
 used, search for corresponding font files in font mapping
 table (zwcad.alt).</p>
    <p>Search for the
 corresponding codepage in font mapping table (zwcad.ini), and then search for
 replacing font file in font mapping table through this
 codepage.</p>
    <p>If the corresponding text can't be found no matter which font is applied, use the mapping
 font file found in zwcad.ini, if still unfound,
 use zwcad.fnt.</p>
    <p>If a text object
 is mtext, the systemhandles it by subsection through language set so as to
 judge whether the font file corresponding to this font file is capable of
 displaying this text object. If the font file
 corresponding to this text object
 doesn't exist in the current system, the text style corresponding to this text will be used for displaying this
 text. Even if the text style corresponding to this text can't be found, Chinese systemwill take Song typeface as
 default, while other language systems take current font style as default. If the corresponding font file
 exists but not display, the system reads the specified font in systemconfigured file (zwcad.alt). If the
 replacing font is corrupted or useless in some cases, the fonts will not be replaced.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>