<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7122A43-68E13C1-F25AD52A7E5A569-2E5290">
  <title>Select a Command First</title>
  <shortdesc>After typing a command, the cursor becomes
 a pickbox and prompts you to select
 objects. There are several methods for selecting objects:</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <ul>
      <li>Select objects using a mouse or another
 pointing device.</li>
      <li>Click on the drawing area and drags the cursor to define a square selection area.</li>
      <li>Entering interrogation?
 displays all selection methods, fromwhich, you can specify the desired one.</li>
      <li>Use multiple methods together.
 For example, to select most of the objects on the drawing, you can select all objects and then remove
 the undesired ones.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>When you choose an object-modification tool or command,
 the programprompts you to select objects.</p>
    <p>Typing ? and pressing
 ENTER, you can choose a selection method.
 You can select individual objects
 or use other techniques such as
 selection windows to select
 multiple objects.</p>
    <p>When you select
 objects, you add themto the selection set. After you select at least one object,
 you can remove objects from the
 selection set. To finish adding objects to the selection set, press Enter. Most object-modification commands then act on the entire selection set.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>