<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA122A56-65E14A1-1F14AB65A5791E5-359BF1">
  <title>Override a Dimension Style</title>
  <shortdesc>Overriding a dimension style changes a dimensioning
 system variable without changing the cur ent
 dimension. You can define dimension style overrides for the following situations:</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>For individual dimensions, you may want to modify some properties of dimensions, such as suppressing</p>
    <p>a dimension's
 extension lines or modifying text and arrowhead placement so that they do not
 overlap drawing geometry, without creating a new dimension style.</p>
    <p>Set up overrides to the current dimension
 style. As you have created a dimension style override, all dimensions that are created in this dimension style include the
 overrides, until you delete overrides, save the overrides to
 a new style, or make another style current. For example, you can change the
 extension lines' color
 on the Lines and Arrows tab by
 clicking the Override button in the Dimension Style Manager, and keep the current
 dimension style unchanged. However, the new value for color is stored in thesystem variable DIMCLRE. The extension lines of the dimension you create will apply the
 new color. The dimension style overrides can be saved as the current dimension
 style.</p>
    <p>Dimension style includes some common
 dimension characteristics that are suited
 to be saved permanently, and
 some are applied on an individual basis that can be applied more effectively as overrides.
 For example, a single type of arrowhead is often used in a drawing, so it is
 suited to be saved as part of the
 dimension style. However, suppression of extension lines often applies in
 individual cases only and is more suited to a dimension
 style override.</p>
    <p>The overrides
 apply to the dimension you are creating and all subsequent dimensions that are
 created with it until you reverse it or set another dimension style to current.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>