<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A24356-853CA11-F2158757571E535-9A45E7">
  <title>Choose a Type of Plot Style Table</title>
  <shortdesc>A plot style
 table is a collection of plot styles assigned to a layout or the Model tab.
 There are two types of plot style tables:
 color-dependent plot style tables and named plot style tables.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Color-dependent plot style tables (CTB)</p>
    <p>Color-dependent
 plot style table determines to plot characteristics such as lineweight using an
 object's color. This plot style plot
 objects with the same color in the same style. For example, every blue object in a drawing
 is plotted the same way. While color-dependent plot style table is provided
 for editing rather
 than adding or deleting plot styles. There are 256 plot styles in a color-dependent plot style table, one for each color.</p>
    <p>Once a
 color-dependent plot style table is assigned to the drawing, you cannot assign
 a plot style to individual objects or
 layers. Instead, to assign plot style properties to an object, you should
 change the color of the object
 or layer.</p>
    <p>You can assign color-dependent plot style
 tables to layouts. You can use several predefined color- dependent
 plot style tables,
 edit existing plot style tables,
 or create your own.</p>
    <p>Color-dependent plot style tables are stored in the printstyle folder with extensions named as .ctb.</p>
    <p>Note that
 assigning the color-dependent plot style table to a layout is only available
 when the drawing has been set to use color-dependent plot
 style tables.</p>
    <p>Named plot style tables (STB)</p>
    <p>Named plot style
 tables contain user-defined plot styles. This plot style plot objects based on
 the plot style assigned to the object
 rather than the color. The named plot style tables can be assigned to objects or layouts
 as assigning other properties.</p>
    <p>Named plot styles can be assigned to objects or layers in the same way
 as any other properties.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>