<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AB22A438-365E15C-112154A714525C7-4152D9">
  <title>Switch between Dialog Boxes and the Command Line</title>
  <shortdesc>Some functions
 are both provided similarly though the command line and from a dialog box. In
 many cases, you can enter a hyphen in
 front of the command to suppress the dialog boxand display prompts on the command line instead.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>For example,
 entering LINETYPE on the command line displays the
 Linetype Manager. Entering - LINETYPE on
 the command line displays the equivalent command line options. There may be
 tiny differences between
 the options in the dialog
 boxand those available
 on the command line.</p>
    <p>The systemvariables below affect the display of dialog boxes as well:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>ATTDIA controls whether
 INSERT uses a dialog boxfor attribute value
 entry.</li>
      <li>EXPERT controls whether
 certain warning dialog
 boxes are displayed.</li>
      <li>FILEDIA controls the display
 of dialog boxes used with commands that read and write files. For example, if FILEDIA is
 set to 1, OPEN displays the Open Drawing As dialog box. If FILEDIA is set to 0, OPEN displays prompton
 the command line.
 Even when you
 set FILEDIA to 0, you can get a file dialog boxdisplayed byentering a tilde (~) at the first prompt.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>