<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA122A43-56365E5-3C4AF154A879C91-E39C98">
  <title>About VBA</title>
  <shortdesc>VBA is a kind of programming language
 including a variety of Microsoft applications program environment (such as WORD,
 EXCEL, etc.). Microsoft VBA is a type of program environment for objects,
 capable of providing developing function as Visual Basic 6 (VB). The main difference between
 VBA and VB is that VBA runs together with ZWCAD in the same
 process space, and provides intellective and frequent programenvironment.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>VBA provides
 application integration for those application programs supportive of VBA. That
 is to say, ZWCAD (using other applications database) can be Automation controlling programs such as Microsoft Word or Excel
 and other applications.</p>
    <p>You should purchasean independent developed version of Visual Basic
 6, providing ZWCAD VBA with extra components, such as external
 database engine and report forms
 compiling function.</p>
    <p>Four advantages of realizing VBA in ZWCAD:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>VBA and its environment are prone to study and apply.</li>
      <li>VBA is capable
 of running together
 with ZWCAD in the same process space and facilitate the<p>programoperating.</p></li>
      <li>Rapid and effective construction of dialog box, which
 enables developers to constructprototype applications and receive design
 feedback quickly.</li>
      <li>The project is both independent
 and embedded supported. Which provides developers with flexible ways to release
 their applications.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>VBA applications are saved in Projects files.
 ZWCAD® VBA project is a combination
 of the code module, class module, and
 window. All these modules and windows run together to execute specified function. The project can be stored in
 both ZWCAD drawings and also can be stored as an independent file.</p>
    <p>You can open VBA manager through
 ZWCAD menu option "Tools-Macro-VBA Manager" to view VBA project in which you are allowed
 to create, load and close
 projects.</p>
    <p>Open VBA environment</p>
    <p>VBA has its own interface
 environment. You can execute from the menu "Tools -Macro-Visual Basic Editor" to open the Visual Basic programand display
 VBA environment window
 which is short for IDE,</p>
    <p>i.e. Integrated
 Development Environment.</p>
    <p>ZWCAD VBA project
 is a collection of code modules, classes, and forms, here module is
 self-include program code segment,
 and a project is capable of containing multiple modules. These modules and forms run together to performgiven functions.</p>
    <p>You can add new
 modules by selecting "Insert – Module" menu option from the Visual
 Basic project window. And next to
 open module file editor window, in which you can write codes. Meanwhile, a new module
 icon will be added to the module
 list in "Project" window with default
 name as Modual1.</p>
    <p>ZWCAD is running while opening VBA environment, you can toggle to ZWCAD
 platformfromthe last option on "View" menu in VBA IDE.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>