<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7124568-551257D-50A53597DA6A439-F0DFF9">
  <title>Clip External References and Blocks</title>
  <shortdesc>You can define a
 clipping boundary through XCLIP command once a xref has been attached to the drawing,
 the clipping boundary defined by users are allowed to display only a part of
 the xrefs and compress the displaying of the external
 geometric objects.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>The clipping
 boundary is composed
 of coplanar lines and polyline
 as well. But self-intersecting polylines are not available
 for creating clipping
 boundary.</p>
    <p>XCLIP can be used
 for generating or removing clipping boundaries, generating polylines
 fromclipping boundary or displaythe part
 being clipped for one
 or more xrefs or blocks.
 XCLIP only affects
 the single object of xref, retain the xref definitions unchanged.
 The part of xref or block inside the clipping
 boundary is still visible,
 while the remaining parts are invisible. The geometric drawing
 being referenced itself is unchanged, only its displaying way is edited.</p>
    <p>You can use XCLIP to do the following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Create new clipping
 boundary</li>
      <li>Remove existing boundary</li>
      <li>Generate polyline objects that are concurrent with thevertexof clipping
 boundary.</li>
      <li>Turn on or off xref Clipping</li>
    </ul>
    <p>If xclip is turned on, all the clipping
 boundaries will be started to display the clipped part
 of a xref. If the xclip is turned off, the clipping
 boundaries will not be displayed, only display the drawings in xrefs containing contents both inside or outside the clipping boundary. The clipping boundary
 can't be restored once removed. The xref having
 been clipped can be modified, moved, or copied
 as those unclipped xrefs. While
 modifying the xrefs, the clipping boundary moves together with the xrefs. If
 the xref attached to the drawing
 contain nested clipped
 xrefs, these xrefs will be displayed as it was after clipping. The nested xref is also clipped
 if superior xref has been
 clipped.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>