<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A1A568-3E5CA1F-1A15A559A96139F-0745F9">
  <title>Reference Other Drawing Files (Xrefs)</title>
  <shortdesc>You can link
 entire drawings to the current
 drawing as external references. Unlike inserting a drawing as a
 block, in which you add all the objects from the separate drawing into the
 current drawing, external references
 attach a pointer to the external file. The objects in the external reference
 appear in the cur ent drawing, but
 the entities themselves are not added to the drawing. Thus, attaching an
 external reference does not significantly increase
 the size of the current
 drawing file.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>External
 references provide additional capabilities not available when you insert a
 drawing as a block. When you insert a
 drawing as a block, the objects are stored in the drawing. Any changes you make
 to the original drawing are not reflected in the drawing
 in which you inserted it. When you
 attach an external reference, however, any changes you make to the original drawing
 file are reflected in the drawings that reference it. These changes
 appear automatically each time you open the drawing containing the external reference. If you know that the original
 drawing was modified, you can reload the external reference anytime you're
 working on the drawing.</p>
    <p>External
 references are useful for assembling master drawings fromcomponent drawings.
 Use external references to coordinate
 your work with others in a group. External references help reduce the drawing file size and ensure that you are always working
 with the most recent version
 of a drawing.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>