<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7235661-453C4A1-F154A75A9135A1A-7D6A98">
  <title>Overview of Lineweights</title>
  <shortdesc>Lineweights help
 differentiates the purpose of one line from another. Lineweights determine how
 thick or thin entities appear
 both on the screen and
 when printed.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>By default, each drawing has three main lineweights: DEFAULT, BYLAYER, BYBLOCK, and many
 additional lineweights in millimeters (or you can use inches).</p>
    <p>When you create
 an entity, it is created using the current lineweight. By default, the current
 lineweight for a new entity is
 BYLAYER. This means that the entity lineweight is determined by the current
 layer. When you assign BYLAYER, changing a layer's lineweight changes the
 lineweight of all the entities assigned that layer (if they were created using
 the lineweight BYLAYER).</p>
    <p>You can also
 select a specific lineweight (or DEFAULT) as the current lineweight, which
 overrides the layer's lineweight
 setting. Entities are then created using that lineweight (or the DEFAULT
 lineweight), and changing the layer lineweight has no effect
 on them.</p>
    <p>As a third
 option, you can use the lineweight BYBLOCK property, in which case new entities are drawn using the DEFAULT
 lineweight until you group theminto a block.</p>
    <p>The entities
 then inherit the block's lineweight setting when you insert the block into a drawing.</p>
    <p>If you choose a lineweight
 that is less than .025
 millimeter, it displays
 as one pixel when you create your drawing. When
 you print your
 drawing, it prints
 at the thinnest lineweight that is available
 for your printer.
 You cannot assign
 lineweights to planes,
 points, TrueType fonts,
 or raster images.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>