<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A12243-568365E-43C1F24A7C1C5A7-91E3A2">
  <title>Create 3D Solids</title>
  <shortdesc>Creates 3D solids in a drawing.
 A solid object represents the entire volume of an object. Complexsolid shapes
 are also easier
 to construct and edit than wireframes
 and meshes.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can use the following
 methods to create
 solids:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Combines one of the basic
 solid shapes such as a box, cone, cylinder, sphere, torus, and wedge or by extruding a 2D object
 along a path or revolving a 2D object
 about an axis.</li>
      <li>Once you have created a solid in this manner,
 you can create more complex shapes by combining solids. You can join solids, subtract
 solids from each other, or find the common<p>volume
 (overlapping portion) of solids. Solids can be further modified
 by filleting, chamfering, or changing the color of their edges.</p></li>
      <li>Solids are displayed
 as wireframes until you hide, shade, or render them. Additionally, you can<p>analyze solids
 for their mass properties (volume, moments of inertia, the center of gravity,
 and so on). You can break a solid into mesh and wireframe objects
 using explode command.</p></li>
      <li>The ISOLINES system variable controls the number of tessellation lines used to visualize curved portions of the wireframe. The
 FACETRES system variable adjusts the smoothness of shaded and hidden-line objects.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>