<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7122A45-835E145-4AF2154A87D155C-7452D9">
  <title>Controlling size and position of each toolbar or window</title>
  <shortdesc>After starting
 ZWCAD, you can fix or adjust position and size of each toolbar or window by
 dragging. Software interface
 includes toolbar, command
 window, "Properties" palette,
 "Quick Calculator" window,
 "Design Center" window,
 and so on.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Toolbars can be floating or fixed. The floating toolbar
 locates in an arbitrary location
 of the drawing area of ZWCAD window, can be dragged to its new
 location, adjust its size or fixed. Fixed toolbar
 attaches to any of the edges in the
 drawing area. Once the toolbar is fixed, its size can't be adjusted. You can remove
 the fixed toolbar
 by dragging it to a new fixing
 position.</p>
    <p>When dragging the
 command window, "Properties" palette and "DesignCenter"
 window, buoys will be displayed in
 the corners and center position of the drawing area. If not select buoys but
 dragging the selected window to an arbitrary position
 of the drawing area, the window
 will be on floating state,
 which users can adjust the size of the window based on the
 actual needs. When clicking ononeof the anchored floats in the process of dragging, the location of the window
 will be fixed to the top, bottomand left side</p>
    <p>or right side of
 a fixed region of ZWCAD window. At this time, the size of the window can be
 adjusted in only one direction.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>