<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A22A4385-E53CA11-F525A715A2218E1-33867F">
  <title>Set the Units Format</title>
  <shortdesc>You can set
 the display format of the unit. These formats include
 scientific, decimal, engineering, architectural and fractional notation. To enter
 architectural feet and inches format, you can indicate feet using the prime symbol ('), for example,
 72'3. You do not need to specify inches by entering quotation marks (").</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can set the
 unit type and precision in the Quick Setup wizard, the Advanced Setup wizard,
 or the Units Control dialog box.
 These settings control how your coordinate, offset, and distance entries are interpreted, and how coordinates and distances are displayed.</p>
    <p>The input format
 of three-dimension coordinates is the same as the input format of the
 two-dimension coordinates: scientific, decimal, engineering, architectural and fractional notation.</p>
    <p>The unit format
 for creating and listing objects, measuring distance and displaying coordinate
 locations is different from the dimension units setting used in creating
 dimension values.</p>
    <p>With ZWCAD, you
 typically draw at full size (1:1 scale), and then set a scale factor when you
 print or plot your drawing. Before
 you begin drawing, however, you need to determine the relationship between drawing units and real-world units.</p>
    <p>For example, you
 can decide whether one linear drawing unit represents an inch, a foot, a meter,
 or a mile. In addition, you can specify the way the program measures
 angles. For both linear and angular units,
 you can also set the degree of display precision, such as the number of decimal
 places or sma lest denominator used
 when displaying fractions. The precision settings affect only the display of
 distances, angles, and coordinates.
 ZWCAD always stores distances, angles, and coordinates using floating point accuracy.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>