<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A22436-836EC4A-11F154A8F165579-E3ACB0">
  <title>Use Object Snaps</title>
  <shortdesc>Object snaps
 enable you to quickly select exact geometric points on existing entities
 without having to know the exact
 coordinates of those points. With object snaps, you can select the endpoint of
 a line or arc, the center point of a
 circle, the intersection of any two entities, or any other
 geometrically significant position. You can also use object snaps to
 draw entities that are tangent or perpendicular to an existing entity.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can use object snaps whenever the programprompts you to specify a
 point, for example, if you are drawing
 a line or other object.
 To turn on the ESNAP mode, any of the following ways are available:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Choose Tools &gt; Drafting Settings
 fromthe main menu to open the Drafting
 Settings dialog box,</li>
    </ul>
    <p>toggle to Object Snap tab, and then tick the Object Snap On checkbox.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Press F3.</li>
      <li>Click the
 Object Snap button on the status bar.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>When using object snaps, the programrecognizes only visible objects or
 visible portions of objects. You cannot snap to objects on layers that have been turned off or to the blank portions
 of dashed lines.</p>
    <p>When Object Snaps is turned on, a
 marker and a tooltip are displayed when you move the cursor
 over an object
 snap location on an object.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>