<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA12A365-5C41F4A-8913505A72F9C2B-32B86D">
  <title>Select files to pack</title>
  <shortdesc>Starts Create Transmittal dialog box, which provides two tabs for viewing and selecting files
 to be packed.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <ul>
      <li>Files Tree:<p>Displays drawing
 files in a tree structure together with their
 associative files (xrefs,
 fonts, raster images). You can expand or collapse this
 structure to display or hide the included dependent files. By default, drawing files and dependent files are
 included in the transmittal package automatically. Unless you deselect
 it by clicking on the check mark
 in front of each file.</p></li>
      <li>Files Table:<p>Displays drawing
 files in forms of a list together with their associative files (xrefs, fonts,
 raster images). In which the detail information of each file such as file name,
 saving path, type, version size and date are listed. Transmittal
 package includes all these files automatically.
 You can deselect it by clicking on
 the check mark in front of each file in order to control the included contents of each transmittal package.</p><p>Once you have performed the eTransmit function
 for a drawing file, the common file types you can automatically add to the transmittal package
 are:</p></li>
      <li>*.dwg (root
 drawing file and all of its attached
 xrefs)</li>
      <li>Various image file types (raster
 image files that attach to root drawing
 or xref externally)</li>
      <li>*.fmp (font mapping
 files)</li>
      <li>User select or deselect files
 having been added into the transmittal package by clicking at the check box in front of the file or manually select files you want to
 include in the transmittal package by clicking at the Add File button
 on Files Tree or Files Table.</li>
      <li>The common file types that are not automatically added to a transmittal package are:</li>
      <li>*.shx(Compiled shape files used for text styles or complexlinetypes)</li>
      <li>*.ttf (True
 Type font files used for text styles)</li>
    </ul>
    <p>All these files
 generally contain information about the object in initially formatted drawings
 or some specific information of
 applications run with the product, the receiver can still normally view the transmitted drawing in spite
 of lacking these
 files.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>