<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A2436514-11F21B5-A791E95EA84297B-47C389">
  <title>Adjust the Plot Offset of a Layout</title>
  <shortdesc>You can offset
 the geometry on the paper by entering a positive or negative value in the X and
 Y Offset boxes. Changing
 the plotting origin may change
 the position of drawing on papers.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>The plot origin
 locates at the left lower corner of plotting area with an offsetvalue of 0
 relative to X and Y direction. The
 drawing will be moved relative to the left lower corner of the paper once you
 assigned a positive or negative
 value to the plot offset. While a negative offset assigns the drawing plotted
 under the left lower corner
 of the paper
 and results in the plot area being
 clipped.</p>
    <p>Select Center
 on Paper if the specified plot area is part of the drawing
 rather than the
 whole layout, which changes the position
 of plot origin.</p>
    <p>You can set the
 area to be plotted in Plot dialog box. When creating new layouts, the default
 plot option is drawing limits which
 means plotting all the objects within the drawing paper. The plot origin is
 (0,0), located at the left lower corner of the page.
 ZWCAD provides the following methods
 to select a plot area:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Display: Plots the contents displayed
 in the current view.</li>
      <li>Extents: Plots the portion of the current
 space of the drawing that contains objects.</li>
      <li>Limits/Layout: When printing
 from model space, the content of specified drawing limits will be printed. When you plot a layout,
 entities in the printable area will be printed. The printable area's origin coordinate is calculated
 fromits (0,0) point, and its print area is determined by the size of the drawing paper.</li>
      <li>Window: Plots any portion of
 the drawing you specify within the rectangle window. Click the Window button to use a pointing device to
 specify opposite corners of the area to be plotted, and then return
 to the Plot dialog box.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>