<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A12243-5636E4C-4A1F21548781579-1E5359">
  <title>Add or remove objects from the working set</title>
  <shortdesc>When editing attached
 references, you can add or
 remove references by clicking
 on Add objects to working set or Remove
 objects fromworking set.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>If new objects
 are created when editing references, the new object may be taken as one of the
 objects in selected reference, and
 automatically add to working set, the objects outside the working set may be fading displayed.</p>
    <p>The objects to be
 edited in-place created in a layer that the reference is locked are also
 editable. Before editing the references, you should unlock
 the layer on which the objects are located, and then modify this object. After modification, you can save
 the changes back to references. But the status of layer keeps unchanged regardless of the lock.</p>
    <p>When saving the
 changes for the references, all the objects in the working set are saved to
 references. Objects that are removed
 from the working set never contained in the reference, subsequently become other parts of the drawing. Objects that
 are added to the working set will be removed from its original position from the drawing. The objects
 being created or removed will be added or removed from the working set automatically.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>