<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA122A66-5145C4A-F1487D255A79135-A4237A">
  <title>Disassociate Compound Objects</title>
  <shortdesc>You can convert a
 complex entity, such as a block or polyline, from a single entity into its
 component parts. Exploding a
 polyline, rectangle, donut, polygon, dimension, or leader reduces it to a
 collection of individual line and arc entities that you can then modify individually. Blocks are converted
 to the individual entities, possibly including other,
 nested blocks that composed the original entity.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>With the following
 exceptions, exploding an entity usually has no visible effect on a drawing:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>If the original polyline had a
 width, the width information is lost when you explode it. The resulting
 lines and arcs follow the centerline of the original
 polyline. If you explode a donut, its width becomes
 0.</li>
      <li>If you explode a block containing attributes, the attributes are
 lost, but the original attribute definitions are retained. The colors and linetypes of objects in exploded block references can be modified individually.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Colors, linetypes, lineweights, and print
 styles assigned BYBLOCK
 may be different after exploding an entity because they
 will adopt the default color, linetype, lineweight, and print style until
 inserted into another block.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>