<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA245851-3411214-A81157E5B827E9C-AC68D7">
  <title>Generate cache files for large images</title>
  <shortdesc>Run RasterImageProc.exe programunder the installation directory
 to launch ZwRasterImageTool. Open the ZwRasterImageTool dialog box.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Image paths needing to generate
 cache files can be chosen
 by Select Files or Select Directory.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>You can use Select
 Files to select one or more image
 files.</li>
      <li>Subfolders can be included in the Select Directory.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>When no image file or folder is selected, the value for Cache Path is empty. When you select
 an image</p>
    <p>file, the default
 value for Cache Path of a cache file is the path where the image file locates.
 When you select a folder, the default
 value for Cache Path of a cache file is the path where the folder locates. You can also specify
 a new cache path by clicking Select
 Directory.</p>
    <p>The naming rule of output cache file is NAME_MODIFIEDTIME_CREATE TIME_SIZE.ZWIMG.</p>
    <p>Click Start button to generate cache files. What will be displayed in the List boxis as follows:</p>
    <p>Image path&amp;image file name+status of generating cache files "Complete!" displays
 when all cache files have been generated</p>
    <p>When you specify a new output path for cache files, the output path
 specified will be added to the RasterImage Cache
 File Search Path after all cache files have been
 generated.</p>
    <p>
      <b>Note </b>When there are more than
 10 paths in the RasterImage Cache File Search Path, the following message
 is displayed after all cache files have been generated: RasterImage Cache
 Search Path More Than 10, it affects the performance that
 Search RasterImage Cache. Please Clear it By Command "OPTION" items "RasterImage Cache Search Path".</p>
    <p>Click Quit button
 to quit the current operation and close the ZwRasterImageTool dialog box. Click? button to open
 ZWCAD 2018 Help.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>