<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7A12A45-685E145-3C4A1114A880559-272F40">
  <title>Attach, Scale, and Detach Raster Images</title>
  <shortdesc>Raster images consist of a rectangular grid of small squares or dots known as pixels.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>As consists of
 multiple rectangular grids, raster images can be copied, moved, or clipped as
 we l as a normal object in the
 drawing. You can change the position and size of the image by dragging its
 grips. You can also adjust
 the contrast, transparency, image quality and image frame visibility as well from the menu option "Modify-Object-Image".</p>
    <p>Image file formats ZWCAD supports most of the frequently used
 file formats, such as computer
 graphics, document management, engineering, mapping, and geographic information systems (GIS) and an image file of bitonal, 8-bit gray, 8-bit color, or 24-bit
 color.</p>
    <p>Once you have
 inserted an image with the transparent pixel, the drawing behind the
 transparent pixel will be displayed when
 you turn on the image transparency. If you insert
 a bitonal image,
 the background color pixel is processed by transparency,
 either gray or color images are assigned to support transparent pixels.</p>
    <p>Additionally,
 when inserting raster images, the file format depends on the content of the file rather than the extension name.
 The following table
 display all the image file formats supported by ZWCAD:</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="3" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" />
        <colspec colname="col2" />
        <colspec colname="col3" />
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> Type: </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Description and versions: </entry>
            <entry colname="col3">
              <p>File</p>
              <p>extension:</p>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> BMP </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Windows and OS/2 bitmap format </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .bmp </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> ECW </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Enhanced Compression Wavelet </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .ecw </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> JFIF or JPEG </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Joint Photographics Expert Group </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .jpg or .jpeg </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> PCX </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Picture PC Paintbrush Picture </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .pcx </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> PNG </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Portable Network Graphic </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .png </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="3" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" />
        <colspec colname="col2" />
        <colspec colname="col3" />
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> TGA </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> True Vision Raster-Based Data Format </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .tga </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> TIFF </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Tagged Image File Format </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .tif or .tiff </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> GIF </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Graphics Interchange Format </entry>
            <entry colname="col3"> .gif </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </conbody>
</concept>