<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A712455E-4C4A12A-878159E57E02097-47B1C9">
  <title>View Drawings in Paper Space and Model Space</title>
  <shortdesc>When you work in
 paper space on a Layout tab, you can still view your drawings in model space.
 First you need to create a layout
 viewport in paper space; this allows you to view your model space objects from paper
 space.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Within a layout
 viewport, you can modify the model space objects, but it is often more
 convenient to modify these objects
 on the Model
 tab.</p>
    <p>Zooming or panning
 the drawing in model space
 or paper space affects the entire drawing unless you use multiple windows
 or viewports.</p>
    <p>To view a drawing in model space on the Model tab Do one of the following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Click the Model tab.</li>
      <li>Click the Model or Paper Space button
 on the status bar to switch to MODEL.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>To view a drawing in paper space
 on a Layout tab Do one of the following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Click one
 of the Layout tabs.</li>
      <li>Type LAYOUT, choose
 Set option at the command
 prompt and then press Enter.</li>
      <li>Type a name for the layout you want to make current,
 and then press Enter.</li>
      <li>Click the Model or Paper Space button
 on the status bar to switch to PAPER.</li>
      <li>While using a Layout tab, type PSPACEand
 then press Enter.</li>
      <li>While using a Model tab, click the layout viewport.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The first time you switch to a Layout tab, your drawing
 seems to disappear. This is normal. You must create at least
 one layout viewport
 to see your model.</p>
    <p>To view a drawing in model space on a Layout tab Do one of the following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Click the desired
 Layout tab, and then create and view a layout
 viewport.</li>
      <li>Click the Model or Paper
 Space button on the status bar.</li>
      <li>While using a Layout tab, double-clickinside of the layout
 viewport.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>