<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7124586-5E1453C-11F215487F15457-91E55A">
  <title>Coordinates</title>
  <shortdesc>When a command
 prompts you for a point, you can specify a point in a drawing using a mouseor
 other pointing devices, or you can enter a coordinate value at the command
 prompt. Coordinate values
 include 2D coordinate and 3D coordinate values. You can type 2D coordinate as either Cartesian
 (X, Y) or polar coordinates. You can also locate points
 with Cartesian, cylindrical or spherical coordinates.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>A Cartesian
 coordinate system has three axes of X, Y, and Z. Different coordinate systems
 (2D or 3D) determine different coordinate representation ((x, y) or (x, y, z)). A coordinate value
 indicates the point's
 distance (in units) and its direction along the X, Y and Z axes relative
 to the coordinate systemorigin (0, 0)
 or (0, 0, 0). In addition, you can type a relative coordinate by moving the
 cursor to specify a direction and then entering
 a distance directly.</p>
    <p>With both polar and Cartesian coordinates,
 you can type absolute coordinates
 based on the origin, or relative coordinates based on the last point
 specified.</p>
    <p>The coordinate can be measured in scientific, decimal,
 engineering, architectural, or fractional notation.</p>
    <p>And the angle can be measured in grads, radians,
 surveyor's units, or degrees, minutes,
 and seconds. You can control
 these unit formats
 in "Drawing Units" dialog box.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>