<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA124353-143C411-F54A8A353791E59-3FB641">
  <title>Use Unicode and Big Fonts</title>
  <shortdesc>ZWCAD supports
 the Unicode character-encoding standard. A Unicode font contains 65,535
 characters and shapes for many languages. You can enter characters that are not available fromthe
 keyboardthrough escape sequence. The escape sequence
 is of \U+nnnn, where “nnnn”
 represents the Unicode
 hexadecimal value for the character. All of SHX shape fonts
 are Unicode fonts.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>ZWCAD also
 supports the big font in order to accommodate alphabet text files consisted of
 thousands of ASCII
 characters.</p>
    <p>When you use
 –STYLE command to specify fonts, you can specify two fonts separated by a
 comma. The first one is common font and the
 second is a big font. The specification is shown as follows: (specify
 font and big font on the command
 line)</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" />
        <colspec colname="col2" />
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> Enter this ... </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> To specify this ... </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> [font name],[big font name] </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Both normal fonts and Big Fonts </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> [font name], </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Only a normal font (Big Font unchanged) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> ,[big font name] </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Only a Big Font (normal font unchanged) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> [font name] </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> Only a normal font (Big Font, if any, removed) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"> ENTER (null response) </entry>
            <entry colname="col2"> No change </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>You should not enter a long file name consisted of commas. The comma is interpreted as a separator.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>