<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="A7AA366E-1453411-24A7155A791ADA7-BA77D1">
  <title>Filter and Sort the List of Layers</title>
  <shortdesc>Limits the display of layer name listed in the
 Layer Properties Manager and sorts them by name or by properties, such as color and visibility.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can use a layer filter limits the
 display of layer names in the Layer Properties Manager. The following properties can be included
 in the filter definition:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Whether layers are set to be plotted</li>
      <li>Layer names, colors,
 linetypes, lineweights, and plot styles</li>
      <li>Whether layers are locked or unlocked</li>
      <li>Whether layers are turned on or off</li>
      <li>Whether layers are frozen or thawed in the current viewport or all viewports</li>
    </ul>
    <p>When setting filter conditions, you can also use wild-card characters to filter names
 by name. For example, typing nare* displays layer name preceded with nare,
 just click Add button if the filter name has been specified.</p>
    <p>You can
 also use invert filter to display layer names that
 do not be included filter
 definition. For example,</p>
    <p>if all the site plan information
 of a drawing is contained in multiple layers, which include the word lite as part of the layer name, you should first define the filter by way
 of specifying filter name and inputting</p>
    <p>*lite* in layer name option, and then click Invert Filter option to display all the information excluded</p>
    <p>from the site plan information.</p>
    <p>Name Layer Filters lists default filters and other saved
 filters created in the current drawing. The three default filters are shown
 as follows:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Show all layers.</li>
      <li>Show all used layers.</li>
      <li>Show all Xref_dependent layers.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The newly created filters are displayed in the
 Name Layer Filters at the Layer Properties Manager. These filters are saved with
 the drawing.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>