<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="AA124363-65E453C-411F54A8781445A-791539">
  <title>Save Back Edited Xrefs and Blocks</title>
  <shortdesc>Changes to the references are optionally saved to the current drawing.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>If you choose to
 save the changes, the system automatically regenerate the drawing, in addition,
 block definitions are redefined and
 all the blocks are regenerated as well. Thus, changes to the xrefs can be saved
 also, if the objects in working set inherit its original properties defined in external references, these objects retain
 new properties. If you remove some objects from the working set, these objects
 will be added to thecurrent drawing.</p>
    <p>If you discard the changes, the working set removed as well and return the block references to the original state. When editing references in-place, if objects excluded
 from the working set are removed and you discard the changes to the xref,
 the objects having
 been removed can't
 be restored.</p>
    <p>If you have saved
 the changes for the xref, you can get back the reference file and discard the
 changes, use UNDO command.</p>
    <p>If objects in
 current drawing inherit properties defined in xref, these objects will be
 displayed in new properties called
 binding properties. Additionally, you can specify how the xref names are
 displayed through systemvariable BINDTYPE. If the BINDTYPE is set to 0, the xref names will be added a prefix</p>
    <p>$#$, if the BINDTYPE is set to 1, keep the xref names unchanged.</p>
    <p>It should be
 noticed that you can't edit or change the referenced drawings when editing
 in-place, which are only readable.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>